Update for Scalar DL 2.0 (#15)
scalar-labs/scalardl-node-client-sdk: README.md

|executeContract|To execute a client's registered contract|
|validateLedger|To validate an asset on the Scalar DL network to determine if it has been tampered|

> If an error occurs when executing one of the above method, a `ClientError` will be thrown. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an error occurs when executing one of the above methods, a `ClientError` will be thrown. The
```

> `ClientError.code` attributes provides additional context. Please refer to the [Runtime error](#runtime-error) section below for the status code signification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ClientError.code` provides additional error context. Please refer to the [Runtime error](#runtime-error) section below for the status code specification.
```
I'm not sure about the last part though.

### Register the certificate
Use the `registerCertificate` function to register a certificate on the Scalar DL network.
```javascript
await clientService.registerCertificate();
```

### Register contracts
Use the `registerContract` function to register a contract.
```javascript
await clientService.registerContract('contractId', 'com.example.contract.contractName', contractUint8Array, propertiesObject);
```

### Register functions
Use the `registerFunction` function to register a function.
```javascript
await clientService.registerFunction('functionId, 'com.example.function.functionName', functionUint8Array);
```

### List registered contracts
Use `listContracts` function to list all registered contracts.
```javascript
const constracts = await clientService.listContracts();
```

### Execute a contract
Use `executeContract` function to execute a registered contract. It will also execute a function if `_functions_` is given in the argument.
```javascript

> const response = await clientService.executeContract('contractId', argumentObject);

Reviewer: Sorry for saying this too late...
`executeContract` and `validateLedger` in Java SDK,  they don't return grpc responses as it is any more for better usability. They are wrapped with `ContractExecutionResult` and `LedgerValidationResult` now. Please check them for more detail. 
(for example, ContractExecutionResult uses JsonObject instead of string given from grpc)
Anyways, I would like other SDKs to work similarly to Java one.

Author: No problem.
Let me fix this in scalardl-javascript-sdk-base

Reviewer: Thank you ! 🙇‍♂️
